# Tournament App

### Authored by Tomi Akindele, Alexa McInvaille, Yaroslav Naumenko, Vincent Tse

## Introducetion

### Our development strategy will include dividing up our use cases and breaking them up into classes. Once we have delegated which classes we # are going to program, we will make a UML diagram to determine which functions need to be created for each class. We will begin programming our classes in Java once we have completed our master conceptual UML diagram. Any class that can be tested independently, will be tested before combining it for each sprint. We plan to spend roughly two weeks working on each sprint. Depending on how complex the sprint is, we will learn how to write and implement the necessary code needed for each class. While the scope of our project is most feasible, if a certain feature is too complex for us, we will either do further research to get our code to work or rework certain parts of the project to ensure that we have a working program. Once a sprint has been implemented into the project, we will repeat the process. We will adjust our final project based on the feedback and grades that we will receive for each individual sprint. Our user stories outline how users will be able to interact with each feature of our application. When these features are fully implemented, they will allow game store managers to hold tournaments and allow customers and other gaming enthusiasts to compete in local hobby shops. Based on our user stories, this project would be beneficial to players to find other enthusiasts of the same games through tournaments, and benefits managers by increasing their demographic of customers through holding tournaments at their local game stores.
